C1. Are you able to understand the goal of the website at first glance?(Check the text written in the hero section, if no text then no user can't understand and should me short and concise and to the point)
R1. Users are not able to understand what the website is about at first glance.

C2. Check the website Load time on Google Page Speed insights
R2 1. Your website's core vitals have failed on Google PageSpeed, which could lead to a significant drop in search rankings.
   2. Your website is slow, taking X seconds to load, which is more than the recommended 3 seconds.

C3. Is Call to Action button present on the hero section?
R3. CTA is missing in the hero section.

C4. Check for the website's responsiveness on Desktop, Tablet, and Phone.
R4. Your website is not mobile responsive, affecting user experience on different devices.

C5. Does the website have happy faces to show emotions?
R5. The design lacks human images, making it harder for users to connect emotionally.

C6. Are fonts, colors, and layout consistent across all pages?
R6. Font or Color is/are inconsistent throughout the website, leading to a disjointed design.

C7. Is the navigation menu intuitive and easy to use?
R7. Poor navigation menu, making it difficult for users to navigate.

C8. Are interactive elements (buttons, forms, links) responsive to hover/click actions?
R8. Buttons are unresponsive on hover, making it difficult to identify interactive elements.

C9. Is the search functionality working correctly?(If present on the website)
R9. The search bar is not working.

C10. Is there too much text on the website? Are paragraphs short and well-organized?
R10. The website contains too much text, overwhelming users and affecting readability.

C11. Is the text appropriate contrast with the background?
R11. Poor contrast between the text and background makes it difficult to read.

C12. Is there are any text alignment issues?
R12. There are alignment issues on the website, leading to a disorganized design.

C13. Is there are any spacing issues?
R13. Inconsistent spacing between elements is leading to a cluttered and unappealing design.